CS 225 Final Project Progress Log

Week of April 12:

4/13:
Graphs file (Djikstra’s algorithm, landmark path, DFS function, edgeFind)
Revised Project Proposal
Delegated the following tasks:
PageRank: (Due by 4/19) Kevin
Djikstras: (Due by 4/26) Ryan & Jon
Landmark: (Due by 5/3) Jack (& Jon if help is needed)
Graphic Output
Next meeting : 4/14 19:00 to work on Vertex.cpp, vertex.h

4/14:
Worked on establishing how to parse OpenFlights data as a CSV (Entire Team)

4/20:
Created Airports Class - Jon & Ryan
Created Makefile using cs225.mk as template and added cs225 HSLAPixel and PNG classes - Jon & Ryan
Modified main.c to show the functionality of Airports Class get functions - Jon & Ryan
Still need to figure out how to convert string to doubles (stod is temperamental) - Jon & Ryan
Next: will work on establishing graphs class with Airports as the vertices and the distance between the airports as weighted edges - Jon & Ryan

4/21:
Created PageRank Class
Modified main.c to test the functionality of pagerank with random data -Kevin
Improved the Airport class. Added a constructor that takes a line from airport.dat. -Jack
Fixed string to double issue. -Jack
Cleaned up main.c and wrote code to test airport class. -Jack

4/22:
Added functinos to calculate distances between airports given their airport ID's. -Jack

4/24:
Added unordered_map to Airport class to record adjacent airports(vertices) and flights(edges). -Jack
Added function to parse and add edges. Added function to add all edges. -Jack
(Above changes are not tested)

4/26:
added a rough draft of a function which is supposed to populate PageRank's adj matrix -Kevin
Modified pagerank's makeA to accommodate -Kevin
Modified pagerank to normalize result vector -Kevin

4/27:
Added getter functions in graph class and airport class -Jack
cleaned up and implemented necessary function for graph class -Jack
Tested graph class with small datasets with repetitive flights successfully -Group
ready to move on to other algorithms:
PageRank: Kevin
Djikstras: Ryan & Jon
Landmark: Jack
BFS: Group

4/28:
Cleaned and added comments to all existing classes. -Jack
Moved the unordered_map in airport class to public since it is easier to modify it -Kevin

5/3:
update on pagerank's adj matrix generator -Kevin

5/4:
Updated graph constructor such that the invalid flights are disregarded. -Jack
That includes missing information (using \N) and irregular formatting (has more or less than 8 commas).
Implemented basic idea of BFS and Djikstras. Still needs compiling and testing. -Jack
Pagerank tested. -Kevin
clean up main and pagerank class. Main's Interface setup initially. Comment and function interface added -Kevin

5/5:
Completed Djikstra's Algorithm - Jon & Ryan
    - Currently takes a graph, starting airport(string), and destination airport (string)
    - Added test cases in the main function. Still need to work on getting input from terminal (cin)
    - Will work on creating outline of Landmark Path. - Jon & Ryan 

5/5:
fixed pagerank to eliminate runtime issue -Kevin

5/7:
Fixed graph construction - Jack
    - no more empty elements when inserting an edge that contains uninserted airport
    - no more inserting default constructed airport when airport information is invalid
Fixed various BFS functions: now generating path correctly - Jack
Added 2 Landmark operations - Jack
Will clean up main.c and test cases later - Jack

5/9:
Modified Makefile for testcases - Jack
Added test cases
    - Added unit test for pagerank class's function - Kevin
    - Converted testcases from main.cpp to test.cpp - Jack & Kevin
fixed a type convertion bug - Kevin
Modified Landmark to output 0 distance when airport not found - Jack
Finished main.cpp interface - Jack & Kevin

